Add contribution docs (#47)
faker-ruby/faker-cli: CONTRIBUTING.md

We love pull requests. Here's a quick guide:

1. Fork the repo.

2. Run the tests. We only take pull requests with passing tests, and it's great to know that you have a clean slate: `bundle && bundle exec rake`

> 3. Please add a test for your change. Only refactoring and documentation changes require no new tests. If you are adding functionality or fixing a bug, we need a test! We use [Minitest](https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest) in this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Please add a test for your change. Only refactoring and documentation changes require no new tests. If you are adding functionality or fixing a bug, we need a test! We use [RSpec](https://github.com/rspec/rspec) in this project.
```
